Update Prometheus retention and storage details (#2098)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/hosting/monitoring/setup.md

#### Prometheus Retention and Storage

By default, historical monitoring data will be stored in Prometheus (`PROMETHEUS_DATA` directory) for 60 days (configurable by `PROMETHEUS_RETENTION_TIME`). A longer retention time can be configured to allow for longer-term analysis of the data.  However, this will increase the size of the Prometheus data volume.  

> Alternately, to put a maximum on the amount of storage used, set the total amount of disk space  (configurable by `PROMETHEUS_RETENTION_SIZE`). This defaults to `0` which is no limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, to limit the maximum storage used, set `PROMETHEUS_RETENTION_SIZE` to a value like `10GB` or `500MB`. This defaults to `0` which means no limit. When both time and size limits are configured, whichever threshold is reached first will trigger data removal.
```
